Fix AWS KMS secret provider docs for setting profile (#1625)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/docs/intro/concepts/secrets.md

If you have previously configured the AWS CLI, the same credentials will be used. These can also be overridden using the standard `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` environment variables. For more options, refer to the [AWS Go SDK documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-go/api/aws/session/).

{{% notes "info" %}}

> As of Pulumi CLI v3.33.1, instead of specifying the AWS Profile using the `AWS_PROFILE` environment variable, it can be specified by adding `awssdk=v2` and `profile=` followed by the profile name to the query string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of Pulumi CLI v3.33.1, instead of specifying the AWS Profile using the `AWS_PROFILE` environment variable, add `awssdk=v2` and `profile=` followed by the profile name to the query string.
```

1. By ID: `awskms://1234abcd-12ab-34cd-56ef-1234567890ab?region=us-east-1&awssdk=v2&profile=dev`.

> 2. By alias: `awskms://alias/ExampleAlias?region=us-east-1&awssdk=v2&profile=qa`.

Author: ```suggestion
1. By alias: `awskms://alias/ExampleAlias?region=us-east-1&awssdk=v2&profile=qa`.
```

> 2. By alias: `awskms://alias/ExampleAlias?region=us-east-1&awssdk=v2&profile=qa`.

Reviewer: leaving these as 1. meas we dont have to maintain the numbering as this changes in the future

Author: Huh, I don't remember changing them to 2, 3, I wonder if my editor did that.

> 3. By ARN: `awskms:///arn:aws:kms:us-east-1:111122223333:key/1234abcd-12ab-34bc-56ef-1234567890ab?region=us-east-1&awssdk=v2&profile=prod`.

Author: ```suggestion
1. By ARN: `awskms:///arn:aws:kms:us-east-1:111122223333:key/1234abcd-12ab-34bc-56ef-1234567890ab?region=us-east-1&awssdk=v2&profile=prod`.
```
